this is an absolutely great project for
a fundraiser I'm using a brick and I've
taken a paper towel and I put out my
acrylic paints I've got my opaque white
I've got some of my cobalt and a little
bit of ultramarine blue and I've haven't
treated it in any other way than just
coming around and dabbing this area to
put some color on it and if you've got
fundraisers get an early start these
would be fun because I'm going to put a
snowman for welcome great for the kids
to be able to paint maybe Cub Scouts or
Girl Scouts or to do some things for
some holiday bazaars and on top of that
we could put a welcome but you could
have a candle and put it into
arrangement so let me show you the next
thing I've got those blue codes in there
and I tapped them on and then I'm going
to come in and everybody knows how to
make a snowman so I can start in here
making first my first little round ball
we used to make them out of three round
circles but I know we've made them all
different ways and as you create them
that each one will have its own
personality it'll be so much fun so I
just tap this on down I'm using an
angular shader and my acrylic paint you
can then put this outside without any
problem too as beside the door as a
greeting or coming up the steps now I've
made it a little bit wider here if you
want you can think of different ways
that you can work with this you can then
take a round brush and I'm going to come
in with a little bit of my indigo him
for sure we've got to put on a hat but
the hats can be fun as well
this one I'm putting on just a black hat
or looks like black with an indigo
putting it coming across and around but
you can think of all kinds of fun hats
maybe a fishing hat a golf hat a school
hat with special initials on it
something to specialize it they can be
so many variations that are fun to paint
come down and I pick up a little bit
more color and if I want I can take and
make some arms that come out like clear
sticks so you can come in here and that
stick arm can hold something maybe a
bird nest
or you could have a baseball bat in
there for or football for people who do
it so think of variations as you're
doing it the acrylic paint goes on so
nicely and of course we have to put on a
couple little eyes out of coal so I'm
going to come right in here and put
those eyes on and I can put little
buttons or hearts down you could put a
heart in there instead pulling this
right on through I can then put on that
nice little nose rinse your brush often
as you're doing it so I'm going to come
in put a little orange nose coming in
there and you can either have glitter or
gold if you want to to add that perfect
accent at the end it's one of my
favorite things to do so you can just
Sparkle that right on top and finish him
write the word welcome or greetings or a
special name thanks for joining me and I
hope you'll join us on public television
you